HTML <script> type=importmap prep (#22300)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/script/type/index.md

---
title: "<script>: type attribute"
slug: Web/HTML/Element/script/type
tags:
  - Script
  - HTML
  - Reference
  - Element
  - Attribute
browser-compat: html.elements.script.type
---

{{HTMLSidebar}}

The **`type`** attribute of the [`<script>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script) element indicates the _type_ of script represented by the element: a classic script, a JavaScript module, an import map, or a data block.

## Value

The value of this attribute indicates the type of data represented by the script, and will be in one of the following:

> - **Omitted, empty string, or a JavaScript MIME type**

Author: ```suggestion
- **The attribute is not specified (default), an empty string, or a JavaScript MIME type**
```

  - : Indicates that the script is a "classic script", containing JavaScript code.
    Authors are encouraged to omit the attribute if the script refers to JavaScript code rather than specify a MIME type.
      JavaScript MIME types are [listed in the IANA media types specification](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types#javascript_types).
- `module`
  - : This value causes the code to be treated as a JavaScript module.
    The processing of the script contents is deferred.
    The `charset` and `defer` attributes have no effect.
    For information on using `module`, see our [JavaScript modules](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules) guide.
    Unlike classic scripts, module scripts require the use of the CORS protocol for cross-origin fetching.
- [`importmap`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type/importmap)
  - : This value indicates that the body of the element contains an import map.

>       This is a JSON object that developers can use to control the URLs that are fetched when importing modules.

Author: ```suggestion
      This is a JSON object that developers can use to control how the browser resolves module specifiers when importing [JavaScript modules](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules).
```
